Add support for image pull overrides (#7436)
containers/podman: docs/source/markdown/podman-pull.1.md

registry and is not supported by Podman.  This flag is a NOOP and provided
solely for scripting compatibility.

**--override-arch**=*ARCH*
Override the machine's default architecture of the image to be pulled. For example, `arm`.

**--override-os**=*OS*
Use OS instead of the running OS for choosing images

> **--override-variant** _VARIANT_ Use _VARIANT_ instead of the running architecture variant for choosing images.

Reviewer: This looks like if should be on two lines instead of one, also should have a `=` between the flag and the value

Reviewer: Also, maybe a bit more details on what a variant is, given that we already have an override-arch flag to select architecture.

registry and is not supported by Podman.  This flag is a NOOP and provided
solely for scripting compatibility.

**--override-arch**=*ARCH*

> Override the machine's default architecture of the image to be pulled. For example, `arm`.

Reviewer 2: I'm finding machine confusing.  Is this the host or the container?  Can you just drop `machine's`?

**--override-os**=*OS*
Use OS instead of the running OS for choosing images

**--override-variant**=*VARIANT*

> _VARIANT_ Use _VARIANT_ instead of the running architecture variant for choosing images.  Some images are based off of different variants of the arm architectures, arm/v5 versus arm/v7.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use _VARIANT_ instead of the default architecture variant of the container image.  Some images can use multiple variants of the arm architectures, such as arm/v5 and arm/v7.
```
